[GEOS-11351] Exact term search in the pages' filters (#7615)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/gettingstarted/web-admin-quickstart/index.rst

   
      Search results for the query "top" on the Workspace page

>    .. hint:: Perform an exact term search by enclosing the search term in quotes or double-quotes, e.g. "topp".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. hint:: Perform an exact term search by enclosing the search term in quotes or double-quotes, e.g. normally ``ads`` would also match ``roads``, but ``"ads"`` wouldn't.
```

Author: Added the example. Thanks.
